aa,Afar,Afaraf
ab,Abkhaz,аҧсуа бызшәа
ae,Avestan,avesta
af,Afrikaans,Afrikaans
ak,Akan,Akan
am,Amharic,አማርኛ
an,Aragonese,aragonés
ar,Arabic,العربية
as,Assamese,অসমীয়া
av,Avaric,авар мацӀ
ay,Aymara,aymar aru
az,Azerbaijani,azərbaycan dili
ba,Bashkir,башҡорт теле
be,Belarusian,беларуская мова
bg,Bulgarian,български език
bh,Bihari,भोजपुरी
bi,Bislama,Bislama
bm,Bambara,bamanankan
bn,Bengali,বাংলা
bo,Tibetan Standard,བོད་ཡིག
br,Breton,brezhoneg
bs,Bosnian,bosanski jezik
ca,Catalan,català
ce,Chechen,нохчийн мотт
ch,Chamorro,Chamoru
co,Corsican,corsu
cr,Cree,ᓀᐦᐃᔭᐍᐏᐣ
cs,Czech,čeština
cu,Old Church Slavonic,ѩзыкъ словѣньскъ
cv,Chuvash,чӑваш чӗлхи
cy,Welsh,Cymraeg
da,Danish,dansk
de,German,Deutsch
dv,Divehi,ދިވެހި
dz,Dzongkha,རྫོང་ཁ
ee,Ewe,Eʋegbe
el,Greek,ελληνικά
en,English,English
eo,Esperanto,Esperanto
es,Spanish,Español
et,Estonian,eesti
eu,Basque,euskara
fa,Persian,فارسی
ff,Fula,Fulfulde
fi,Finnish,suomi
fj,Fijian,vosa Vakaviti
fo,Faroese,føroyskt
fr,French,français
fy,Western Frisian,Frysk
ga,Irish,Gaeilge
gd,Scottish Gaelic,Gàidhlig
gl,Galician,galego
gn,Guaraní,Avañe'ẽ
gu,Gujarati,ગુજરાતી
gv,Manx,Gaelg
ha,Hausa,هَوُسَ
he,Hebrew,עברית
hi,Hindi,हिन्दी
ho,Hiri Motu,Hiri Motu
hr,Croatian,hrvatski jezik
ht,Haitian,Kreyòl ayisyen
hu,Hungarian,magyar
hy,Armenian,Հայերեն
hz,Herero,Otjiherero
ia,Interlingua,Interlingua
id,Indonesian,Bahasa Indonesia
ie,Interlingue,Interlingue
ig,Igbo,Asụsụ Igbo
ii,Nuosu,ꆈꌠ꒿ Nuosuhxop
ik,Inupiaq,Iñupiaq
io,Ido,Ido
is,Icelandic,Íslenska
it,Italian,Italiano
iu,Inuktitut,ᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ
ja,Japanese,日本語
jv,Javanese,ꦧꦱꦗꦮ
ka,Georgian,ქართული
kg,Kongo,Kikongo
ki,Kikuyu,Gĩkũyũ
kj,Kwanyama,Kuanyama
kk,Kazakh,қазақ тілі
kl,Kalaallisut,kalaallisut
km,Khmer,ខ្មែរ
kn,Kannada,ಕನ್ನಡ
ko,Korean,한국어
kr,Kanuri,Kanuri
ks,Kashmiri,कश्मीरी
ku,Kurdish,Kurdî
kv,Komi,коми кыв
kw,Cornish,Kernewek
ky,Kyrgyz,Кыргызча
la,Latin,latine
lb,Luxembourgish,Lëtzebuergesch
lg,Ganda,Luganda
li,Limburgish,Limburgs
ln,Lingala,Lingála
lo,Lao,ພາສາລາວ
lt,Lithuanian,lietuvių kalba
lu,Luba-Katanga,Tshiluba
lv,Latvian,latviešu valoda
mg,Malagasy,fiteny malagasy
mh,Marshallese,Kajin M̧ajeļ
mi,Māori,te reo Māori
mk,Macedonian,македонски јазик
ml,Malayalam,മലയാളം
mn,Mongolian,Монгол хэл
mr,Marathi,मराठी
ms,Malay,bahasa Melayu
mt,Maltese,Malti
my,Burmese,ဗမာစာ
na,Nauruan,Dorerin Naoero
nb,Norwegian Bokmål,Norsk bokmål
nd,Northern Ndebele,isiNdebele
ne,Nepali,नेपाली
ng,Ndonga,Owambo
nl,Dutch,Nederlands
nn,Norwegian Nynorsk,Norsk nynorsk
no,Norwegian,Norsk
nr,Southern Ndebele,isiNdebele
nv,Navajo,Diné bizaad
ny,Chichewa,chiCheŵa
oc,Occitan,occitan
oj,Ojibwe,ᐊᓂᔑᓈᐯᒧᐎᓐ
om,Oromo,Afaan Oromoo
or,Oriya,ଓଡ଼ିଆ
os,Ossetian,ирон æвзаг
pa,(Eastern) Punjabi,ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
pi,Pāli,पाऴि
pl,Polish,język polski
ps,Pashto,پښتو
pt,Portuguese,Português
qu,Quechua,Runa Simi
rm,Romansh,rumantsch grischun
rn,Kirundi,Ikirundi
ro,Romanian,Română
ru,Russian,Русский
rw,Kinyarwanda,Ikinyarwanda
sa,Sanskrit (Saṁskṛta),संस्कृतम्
sc,Sardinian,sardu
sd,Sindhi,सिन्धी
se,Northern Sami,Davvisámegiella
sg,Sango,yângâ tî sängö
si,Sinhalese,සිංහල
sk,Slovak,slovenčina
sl,Slovene,slovenski jezik
sm,Samoan,gagana fa'a Samoa
sn,Shona,chiShona
so,Somali,Soomaaliga
sq,Albanian,Shqip
sr,Serbian,српски језик
ss,Swati,SiSwati
st,Southern Sotho,Sesotho
su,Sundanese,Basa Sunda
sv,Swedish,svenska
sw,Swahili,Kiswahili
ta,Tamil,தமிழ்
te,Telugu,తెలుగు
tg,Tajik,тоҷикӣ
th,Thai,ไทย
ti,Tigrinya,ትግርኛ
tk,Turkmen,Türkmen
tl,Tagalog,Wikang Tagalog
tn,Tswana,Setswana
to,Tonga,faka Tonga
tr,Turkish,Türkçe
ts,Tsonga,Xitsonga
tt,Tatar,татар теле
tw,Twi,Twi
ty,Tahitian,Reo Tahiti
ug,Uyghur,ئۇيغۇرچە
uk,Ukrainian,Українська
ur,Urdu,اردو
uz,Uzbek,Oʻzbek
ve,Venda,Tshivenḓa
vi,Vietnamese,Tiếng Việt
vo,Volapük,Volapük
wa,Walloon,walon
wo,Wolof,Wollof
xh,Xhosa,isiXhosa
yi,Yiddish,ייִדיש
yo,Yoruba,Yorùbá
za,Zhuang,Saɯ cueŋƅ
zh,Chinese,中文
zu,Zulu,isiZulu